Dynamodb (#996)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-guides: src/docs/common/callouts/callout-bean-created-event-listener.adoc

> Creating a `@Singleton` which implements `BeanCreatedEventListener` allows you to provide extra configuraration to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a `@Singleton` that implements `BeanCreatedEventListener` allows you to provide extra configuration to
```
